[AIRFLOW-XXX] GSoD: Adding Task re-run documentation (#6295)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/scheduler.rst

    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

<<<<<<< HEAD

Scheduling & Triggers

> =======

Reviewer: Somethings is broken here

execute ``airflow scheduler``. It will use the configuration specified in
``airflow.cfg``.

> Note that if you run a DAG on a ``schedule_interval`` of one day,

Reviewer 2: This was quite an important point. I feel we should direct people to the new dag run page (where ever we decide it lives) from here too.

Reviewer 2: This isn't done yet. A "see also" link is not strong enough.

execute ``airflow scheduler``. It will use the configuration specified in
``airflow.cfg``.

> The scheduler starts an instance of the executor specified in the your ``airflow.cfg``. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler starts an instance of the executor. 
```
Can you add link to executor page here? 
Then it is worth updating to eliminate repetitive information. On this page it is not very important what executors exist.

execute ``airflow scheduler``. It will use the configuration specified in
``airflow.cfg``.

> The scheduler starts an instance of an :doc:`Executor </executor/index>`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The scheduler uses the configured :doc:`Executor </executor/index>` to run tasks that are ready.
```

Only subtly different here, but I feel that users of airflow don't need care that much about details of class instantiation :)

To start a scheduler, simply run the command:

.. code:: bash

    airflow scheduler

> You can start executing a DAG once your scheduler has started running successfully.

Reviewer 2: "executing" a dag doesn't quite make sense. Either we mean enable it and let the scheduler excute it, or we mean "trigger a manual run".

Author: I'll change it to 'your dags will start executing'
